hello everyone its Alaina and I'm back
with a never Cambridge vlog it's Monday
today and I have two lectures and I have
a committee meeting for it at Cambridge
University human rights law society and
for the rest of the day I'm just gonna
do a lot of readings for a
constitutional law because I have that
supervision this week and I have to
write an essay for it so the goal is to
finish all my reading and start my essay
today and maybe finish it but we'll see
about how realistic that is normally I
would also have digital verification
today but Susan and I decided to drop
out of it for this week because we have
to write that essay and it's due
tomorrow so we decided no we're gonna
focus on our essay in our readings yeah
that's pretty much the plan I'm just
gonna get some breakfast now and then
I'm gonna head to do faculty do a bit of
work they're also in between my lectures
and then I go to the University Library
and work there for the rest of the
afternoon
[Music]
hey guys I'm back in my room now and
it's a quarter past six and I'm
officially exhausted I've worked a lot
in university library and I feel like I
didn't give myself enough breaks during
that study period so my mind just feel
like you know done so what I'm gonna do
now is I'm gonna take a little break and
eat my dinner and then I'm gonna get
back to work because I really really
need to finish the reading so I can
actually get to the essay because I
really really need to start the essay
today so yeah that's pretty much the
goal for tonight work work work work
work until I get to the essay so yeah
let's see if I can make it but now I'm
first of all gonna give myself a little
break and eat my dinner and because TJ
and I didn't meet up for digital
verification Corpse today we can go to
McDonald's but if you've watched my own
vlog for a bit longer as you know that I
pretty much love McDonald's
um so guess where I went hi um so yeah I
just got my dinner because honestly I
just wanted to eat McDonald's so yeah
I'm just gonna eat my McDonald's dinner
and start winning a book because I
finished last week's book and this week
I'm reading the man who mistook his wife
for a hat by Oliver Sacks um and I'll
see you when I heard the title I was
like what um and then I read the back
and I was like okay makes sense um so
the book tells stories about patients
who have neurological disorders and new
struggle to adapt to reality again and
honestly it just sounded very very
interesting quite intriguing and I was
like yeah that could be an interesting
read
[Music]
and it's a little bit later now and I
think I'm gonna stop working now I did
manage to start planning my essay and I
think I'm gonna be able to finish it
tomorrow morning and after that I can
you know get started on my other work
that I have to do because I have to do a
bit of work for animal rights law so I
think it would be great to just take
tomorrow and just do animal rights law
and then do criminal law on Wednesday
because I have a criminal law and a
constitutional ah supervision this week
it's nothing I'll just get ready for bed
read a bit more in the book and then
I'll just go to sleep and I just got
some really good news actually you
notice aren't really good news my
lecture is sake but the upside of this
is that I don't have a lecture tomorrow
morning so my 10:00 a.m. lecture has
cancelled so that means I have more time
to work at animal rights law obviously I
am sad that my lecture is sick but no 10
a.m. lecture so I have more time
tomorrow so that's good because then I
can just you know focus on I memorize
law so I think I'll be fine
so yeah I'll go to bed and I'll see you
guys tomorrow morning good morning guys
it's Tuesday and I'm almost ready to
leave for the faculty and I'm just gonna
bring everything I need for my essay
with me and hopefully finish it in a
faculty before my first lecture since my
morning lecture got cancelled I think I
have a decent chance of finishing it
because my first lecture of the day is
only in twelve so yeah actually I should
be able to finish it so let's just hope
that that works out and then I'll just
go back to college to hand in my essay
because I'm handwriting it so I need to
hand it in as like a physical copy
because somehow my scanner is messing up
my PDFs so for some reason if you scan
it you can't open the PDF so it's pretty
useless so I'm just gonna go back to
college to hand it in then do some work
for animal rights law and then go back
to the faculty you for my final lecture
which is animal rights law so yeah
that's pretty much the plan of the day
so yeah let's hope I can finish my soon
[Music]
so we just got out of our lecture and
we're on our way to the buttery and
because he just being a good friend
she's coming with me to the buttery
although she already had lunch lunch at
10:30 I see I was like you know what
this cook lunch because I deserve it
okay this is a mood honestly I almost
finished my essay I think I need to
write like 10 more sentences and then
I'm done
yeah like literally yeah okay so I did
hand in my essays that I've done and I
think now I'm just gonna take a quick
break read a little too you know give my
mind a little break and then I'll start
with constitutional law so I just make
myself a little snack and yeah I did
make some oats but obviously the instant
oats because I still can cook and I make
myself some tea and I'm just gonna read
a little bit in my book of the week so
far it's been really good but I haven't
read a little in it so yeah I'm gonna
check back in with you guys when I read
more of a book but yeah I think I'm
gonna get myself like 20 minutes maybe
fasci and then I'm gonna get to work
okay guys I was actually committed to
eating those oats and you know trying to
be healthy I know there's our instant
oats but for like my level of
healthiness that was really healthy um
but honestly they weren't that great and
then see Jen just like saved my life
basically because she just messaged me
and she's like you know what I'm getting
a snack at McDonald's do you want
something no of course I mean do you
have to ask
I mean I literally love McDonald's so
much so yeah so I got rid of my was
because they were really not that great
but it's love my tea and I'm just
waiting for my McDonald's to come
because I have the best friend in the
world I might know something
yes please this is why we're friends on
a plate so here's our really really
healthy snack I mean my tea is healthy I
guess so yeah and it's a see Jen sending
in her essay so yeah we're just gonna
you know have a little snack and
actually get to work so see Jen just
left so now I'm gonna start my
constitutional law at work work on that
and then I'll go back to debacle to you
for my last lecture today
[Music]
[Applause]
and it's already time for me to go so
I'll discuss a difficulty now I have my
one hour lecture then I'll come back and
I probably grab dinner and a buttery on
the way and then I'll get back to
constitutional law and I'm back in my
room now so I finished my lecture for
animal rights law it was actually really
interesting we had a guest speaker come
in from Oxford and she talked about the
connection between animal rights law and
other social justice movements like
feminism or you know the movement to get
more rights for people who are disabled
and it was very very interesting to see
the connections and also you know what
strategies animal rights activists could
adopt that are similar to those that
feminists or you know our activists have
adopted it was it was really interesting
and you know she made a lot of
interesting points about she also about
like the morality of comparing struggles
so yeah it was a really really good
guest talk so yeah now that I finished
that one I'm gonna get back to
constitutional law and I think I'm gonna
give myself probably like you know 10
minutes sip some tea and read a little
bit further in the book which is really
really interesting and then I'm gonna
get back to constitutional law because I
really want to finish it tonight so that
tomorrow I can just focus on criminal
law and finish it tomorrow which is the
goal so yeah
[Music]
hey guys it's a bit later now and I did
manage to finish most of my
constitutional law work
I think after about two articles left I
think I can just do that quickly
tomorrow morning and then I have the
entire day for criminal law which is
what I wanted and hopefully I'll be able
to finish criminal law tomorrow so over
then I can just you know focus on tort
law for the next week so yeah let's see
how tomorrow goes good morning guys it's
Wednesday and I finished all my work for
constitutional law de Sol that is done
and that's really really good so now I'm
gonna focus on criminal law and
hopefully finish it today so yeah that's
pretty much the plan for today just you
know working criminal law and I will go
to Sainsbury's to see Jim because that's
our tradition but our net we're just
gonna work a lot on criminal law and
hopefully finish it all so I can already
see my mom frowning at this when she
sees it because of the shirt that I'm
wearing because they have that like huge
hole and he's like smaller holes
everywhere my mom hates the shed because
she feels like it just makes me look
horrible
um and you know she thinks it's not like
a shirt you should be wearing but before
anybody said the Leena you shared is
broken no I paid for these holes okay
they were in the shed when I bought it
and that was on purpose
I wanted a ripped shirt and this is very
very different from what I normally wear
I know most of my style is like very
close to like business casual but this
is so comfy a shirt and like oh no I
guess this is my way of rebelling every
once in a while but yeah sorry mom
[Music]
hey guys I'm back in my room now and we
had lunch and we've been to Sainsbury's
and the food was actually really really
good
it was Abby I've never been there before
and I hope I'm pronouncing it right but
it was actually really really good and
somebody mentioned in the comments a
front of my vlog that they wanted to see
my Sainsbury haul so I thought I just
show you guys what I bought at
Sainsbury's today actually today was a
big shop this is why my bags like really
heavy so I just brought it all in here
and I'm just going to show you guys
Clippy what I bought and spoiler
I don't live a very healthy lifestyles
so yeah don't judge me but we're gonna
start with some healthy stuff so that
you'll think I actually do live a bit
healthier than I do
okay we're starting out with some
healthy bananas because we're pretending
to be healthy and I'm actually making an
effort to be healthier because I do
acknowledge that I McDonald's addiction
is probably not the best thing so I am
trying I also bought some fruit juice
and it says it's just for kids but you
know what we don't care because this is
so good season recommended this to me
and I just love it
I guess this is really healthy but I
guess it's fruit and they asked him I'll
give myself some healthy points for that
I also branched out and tried another
hyper bit so let's see if this one's
good or not and yeah now we get to the
unhealthy stuff and here we go some
chocolate bread
I like this bread because I can just
bring it to the faculty and when I don't
have time to go back to college for
lunch and I can just eat a few of these
and then you know snack on them like
throughout the day um so I really like
to bring them when I have like a very
very busy day and I know I'm just gonna
need a few snacks throughout the day so
I find them really really useful for
that okay now we get to the thing that I
drink like water which is probably not
the best but anyway I love it and it
tastes really really good and if you're
from Hong Kong you will definitely know
what this is hi I love bears and I
recently found out that apparently
there's a phone case which looks like
this which is incredible and I feel like
I need it so yeah anyway I got a lot of
bees for context this is what I mean
when I said I got a lot of bees so yeah
you can tell that I kind of love them
moving on there's one more healthy thing
which I totally forgot about see I
really like branched out to the healthy
aisle today because I
some grapes hi and you may realize that
there's nothing in my hole that needs to
be cooked that's because I can't cook so
yeah
I assure you don't know how to cook I'm
Haley sorry I I know that I need to
learn how to cook and I think season is
going to teach me or I hope so so yeah
but for the moment I am dependent on to
college buttery but that's fine because
their food is really really good yeah
that's all that I got at Sainsbury's
today I hope you guys enjoyed this
little hole and yeah now I'm gonna put
all visit my fridge set put on my food
away and now it's time to get back to
criminal law and let's see if we can
hopefully finish it today
[Music]
and it's almost dinnertime now so um I
think I'm just gonna get some dinner and
then read a little bit in my book of the
week which I've got like a bit seven and
I actually really really like it so yeah
I would recommend the book if you guys
are interested and you know like very
interesting neurological diseases you
don't need to have any like medical
knowledge to read this book but what I
really like about it is that he doesn't
mean he just talked about it like as you
would expect a doctor to talk about it
but rather he you know talks about his
patients in a very humane way and I
don't know for me that's just you know
transit from like you know just some
like interesting case study is where
you'd think oh my god that's really
weird in a way turns it into like a very
interesting empathetic story which
sometimes is really really hard to
stomach if you think about what happened
to these people
so yeah would HIGHLY highly recommend
the book if you guys are interested in
that I'm gonna link it in the info box
below if you guys are interested and
yeah now I think I'm just gonna get some
dinner and I'll probably do a bit more
work for criminal law
I still have hope that I can finish it
tonight if not I think I will be able to
finish it tomorrow morning so I should
be able to have the rest of tomorrow
just for two at all
so yeah let's see how that goes um I
won't bore you guys with more time
lapses of me you know just working a
criminal law instead I'll just see you
guys tomorrow morning and we'll see how
far I've gotten of criminal law good
morning guys I'm almost ready to go and
get breakfast and then I go to the
faculty and unfortunately I guess I
underestimated the length of some of the
criminal law articles so I'll go and
work a bit on them in the Faculty but I
think I'll be able to finish them before
my lectures for a day start so that
would be great because that at least I
have the afternoon for tort law which
would be really really good I also have
a supervision today which is at 1:30 so
I probably get lunch at the faculty
before my last lecture so I can then go
straight to my supervision after my last
lecture of today which I think I'll need
to because I only have half an hour and
it takes me like 15 to 20 minutes to
walk from the faculty you to college so
I guess I'll just do that so but I'm not
late for my supervision
[Music]
okay so I'm back in college and we just
finished a constitutional revision and
Ross right here coffee
are you just add my suffering
[Applause]
you know detox from coffee really great
[Music]
super spread entire week this is not
just a trip of another you shoot video
this is a this is a normal thing we're
trying to be healthy around yeah we're
trying to be good yeah we just failing I
feel like I would feel the same I did
this with McDonald's so I can relate and
I'm back in my room now I have my
supervision
it was really quite interesting because
you were talking about a human rights
act and how human rights are protected
in the UK and I thought a very very
interesting because obviously I want to
become a human rights lawyer it was like
a topic that I'm very invested in and I
was also quite interesting to see you
know how in a different country um
mechanisms are quite different so yeah
it was a really really great supervision
but it's also really really cold outside
I feel like you can't really see it when
you look outside like I feel like it
looks like okay in terms of the weather
but honestly it's super super cold
because of the wind like the wind just
makes it so much worse so I think I'm
just gonna stay in my room for the rest
of the day and I'll probably just you
know chill a little and then start
taught long but I think I'm gonna give
myself a little break now because I feel
like I really need it because
supervisions always like very very
intense discussions or you know you have
to think on the spot and you have to die
you know really come up with an opinion
on a lot of academics work and yet it's
just very much to you know deal with me
like one hour so I think I'm gonna read
a bit more on my book and yeah we
probably make ourselves Anki and then I
get back to work
[Music]
and it quite a bit of work in this
afternoon I think I got quite a bit done
for total so I think I might be able to
finish it by tomorrow which would be
great because then I have my entire
weekend for animal rights laws let's
just hope that that's gonna work out and
I decided to reward myself with some
dinner and from guess where McDonald's
you know actually like I had like a
resolution for myself so I eat
McDonald's once a week and well it's
birthday and this is my first time
eating McDonald's this week and I'm
meeting up with CJ and at McDonald's on
Saturday morning so this will be my
fourth time if I don't go to McDonald's
tomorrow which to be honest is within
the realm of possibilities so yeah doing
great on that front really but I like
somehow always justify because I'm a
really big stress eater so yeah and I
work a lot so I feel like I can give
myself some McDonald's every once in a
while don't be mean don't eat as much
McDonald's it's probably not healthy but
I really love the food so I'm gonna eat
my dinner and then I'll probably just do
a bit more short law and then I go too
bad and I thought this would be a great
time to end the vlog I hope you guys
enjoyed this and I'm sorry for all the
McDonald's content I'm literally just
fangirling the brand at this point um
but yeah what can I say I love fries and
McNuggets so yeah if you guys have any
questions for me you can drop them in
the comments below or send me a message
for the context section of my blog which
is linked in the infobox below thank you
guys so much for watching have a nice
day fine